DOCS-11380-Added redeploying scenarios to the Delete Applications section (#551)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-applications-on-your-own-servers.adoc

image::managing-applications-on-your-own-servers-96463.png[]

[NOTE]

> Note that the server must be running for this option to be available. In the case of a Cluster or Server Group, at least one of its nodes must be running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The server must be running for this option to be available. In the case of a Cluster or Server Group, at least one of its nodes must be running.
```

=== Redeploying Deleted Hybrid Applications

> For applications deployed on premises, a couple of scenarios may arise which will trigger specific behaviours by Runtime Manager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For applications deployed on-premises, a couple of scenarios may arise which trigger specific behaviors by Runtime Manager:
```

> * If you manually delete one or several application folders from the server while Mule is not running, once the server re-syncs, Runtime Manager will notice the missing applications, force you to download the missing application or applications again into your server, and automatically re-deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you manually delete one or several application folders from the server while Mule is not running, once the server re-syncs, Runtime Manager notices the missing applications, forces you to download the missing application or applications again into your server, and automatically re-deploys it.
```

[NOTE]

> Only deleting from the UI or via REST will permanently remove the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only deleting from the UI or via REST permanently removes the application.
```

> * When a new server is added into a Cluster or Server Group, even when no other server in that Group or Cluster is running, Runtime Manager will automatically deploy any applications into that Server Group or Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When a new server is added into a Cluster or Server Group, even when no other server in that Group or Cluster is running, Runtime Manager automatically deploys any applications into that Server Group or Cluster.
```
